Text dump of zulip group DM

Myself, Alex Kontorovich, and two members of the Lean FRO. After sharing the Tool with Alex, he mentioned that I should reach out; FYI Alex is on the board of advisors for the Lean FRO.


Eric Vergo: Hey Emilio and Jason,
It’s a pleasure to meet you guys! Alex suggested I reach out and share a recent project of mine. I know everyone is busy so I’ll cut to the chase: I ported LeanBlueprint and built a pure lean deployment pipeline around it. This takes the first steps towards some of the Lean FRO goals mentioned in Leo's talk at Lean Together 2026. Among other things, this includes:

A Verso driven blueprint with many of the features you would expect
A first pass at ‘One click websites’
Integrated paper generation, duplicating the workflow of the blueprint
A platform for running and displaying kernel/soundness checks on a repo

Example repos:
Minimal test repo showing all features
Complete project with will blueprint/paper generation and integration
Full scale existing project, no paper (PNT)
This was a massive effort with some fun technical details, but these are the big things:

This forks LeanArchitect and turns it into a general purpose tagging system 
Dress uses LeanArchitect as the hook for extraction and ‘dresses’ the lean by generating all of the relevant reusable assets during the build/elab process (verso info, tex files, etc.). 
Runway (think fashion show) is the LeanBlueprint port. It builds the side-by-side blueprint, dependency graph, and paper (html and pdf) and wraps it in a webpage
CI is controlled via dress-blueprint-action for easy integration and use in the lean project repo template
It is entirely vibe coded and not ready for prime time, but it could be with some work.

Assuming success with a lot of things, not much would change in terms of how one interfaces with a lean project using the LeanArchitect system. All you would have to do is tag a few additional things in the blueprint attribute to support the messaging/notification features, most of which are represented on the dashboard. These tags are fairly ad-hoc and can be updated easily, including adding new ones. Happy to answer any questions you guys have.
Best,
Eric
Screenshot 2026-01-29 at 5.28.15 PM.png
Screenshot 2026-01-29 at 5.12.19 PM.png
Screenshot 2026-01-29 at 5.11.49 PM.png
Jason Reed: Hi @Eric Vergo, thanks for reaching out, this is cool stuff!Eric Vergo: Thanks! I am working on a few updates now (bug fixes and the like) but plan on posting it later today. More than anything else I see this as an experience prototype; I want to get it out there and see what works/what doesn't.Jason Reed: Yeah I can definitely see the value of quickly seeing what features feel nice. I like the dashboard view!Eric Vergo: Thanks, I think there is a lot of opportunity for some really nice features using all of this. FYI, I don't think I'm using verso/subverso 'as intended' but I could not figure out how to extract the content when building the page in a way that felt sound. Would love to hear your thoughts on thatJason Reed: The thing I'm imagining as full Blueprint/Verso integration is something like this:
When a user wants a nicely formatted linear narrative of their project, they write a verso document with explicit markup around informally stated theorems/lemmas/definitions that say how they relate to each other, how they're tagged, etc. This plays the role of the .ltx file in a Patrick-Massot-blueprint-style blueprint.
They can also establish formal counterparts for any definition or proof, by either
a) writing the formal definition/proof inline in the blueprint document with appropriate verso markup, or
b) referring to a lean identifier elsewhere in the current lean project
Since verso documents are lean files, these two things should feel pretty similar, both to the user, and in the implementation; you'd get the same hovers and jump-to-def and everything in vscode for an inline proof in the middle of a big blueprint the same way you would if it wasn't inline. You never need to write \leanok.
But also, deep in the trenches of working on the formal proof, the user can add Lean-Architect-style annotations to any formal theorem/definition/lemma at all, which might have (verso) informal text in a field of the annotation.
By default, adding a single annotation would make a node appear in the final dependency graph, and wouldn't necessarily add any text to the blueprint narrative document. But if you wanted to include it, it would be as easy as putting something like {includeNode name_of_lean_theorem} in the document, just as is the case with LeanArchitect and your tool.Jason Reed: So I think some of what I'm saying is features your tool already has, but the aspect of it that I might enjoy having is eliminating the extra complexity of having to coordinate a LaTeX file with a separate namespace of identifiers for its theorems with the "Lean world". (although there's certainly a valid counterargument for someone deeply familiar with and committed to LaTeX as their favorite format, I admit there's a tradeoff here between integration and adaptation to existing norms :)Jason Reed: Can you say more about "but I could not figure out how to extract the content when building the page in a way that felt sound"? What's the soundness risk? Do you mean in terms of the blueprint seeming to promise that certain things are proved when they aren't, really?Jason Reed: I haven't dived into the details too much, and maybe @Emilio Jesús Gallego Arias can speak more to it, but I imagined that elaboration of attributes and the declarations they're attached to, could in the "bottom up" direction (meaning, from low-level lemmas to the high-level theorems that rely on them) compute the full dependency graph of everything so annotated, keeping track of which things were sorry-free, etc.


